meanwhile in Israel a special session to
discuss the remaining Israeli captives
held in Gaza is taking place at
Parliament Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has again said that
ending the conflict will not help secure
the release of the
captives we won't succeed in freeing all
the hostages without military pressure
military pressure operational pressure
and political pressure and one thing we
won't do we will not stop the
war let's bring in our correspondent
Alan fiser he's joining us live from
occupied East Jerusalem we're hearing
that nanyu was heckled by some family
members of captives Alan what's been
happening at the
knesset well the families took their
positions in the public gallery and they
produced their own homemade banners many
of them just saying the word now they
want the captives released not in a week
not in two weeks but right now and they
want the government to do more to secure
that when Benjamin Netanyahu spoke he
talked about how they need more time
someone from the public Gallery shouted
we don't have time and he said that the
war will continue because he believes
that putting pressure on Hamas gives
them a better window of opportunity to
try and secure the release of captives
now this came just hours after he made a
visit to Gaza only the second in the
last 80 days he visited troops on the
ground there and of course this is
coming as the number of Israeli dead is
increasing and he said that the war Will
Go On Now given that Yaya sinir who's
the head of Hamas in Gaza has made his
public first public comment since
October the 7th and he said there will
be no ceasefire until Israel stops its
War it would appear that this war is
going to continue for some considerable
time and the death toll is going to rise
considerably higher and Alan 156 Israeli
soldiers have now been killed since
Israel began its ground invasion is that
mounting death toll among Israeli troops
eroding public support for the war at
all well Benjamin naan yahu says he's
spoken to the families of those who've
died while serving Israel and he said
that they had asked him to make sure
that their son's death was not in vain
he said for that reason the war must
continue now
the Israelis have suffered significant
losses over the last 72 hours or so and
there have been no recent polls but the
last poll suggested that the Israeli
public well maybe not 100% behind
Benjamin Netanyahu in fact his approval
rating is at an alltime low they are
still behind the idea of the war still
behind the idea of defeating Gaza Hamas
in Gaza and still behind the idea of the
Israeli Army being in Gaza to carry out
those jobs but of course there is
concern that the whole idea of the war
was to try and release the captives and
if the captives aren't been released and
the number of soldiers dead is
increasing then where is Benjamin
Netanyahu heading with his policy of
trying to defeat Gaza trying to defeat
Hamas release the captives and win the
war Alan thank you very much for that
that's our correspondent Alan fiser live
in occupied East Jerusalem